c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\bin\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.exe.config
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\bin\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.exe
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\bin\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.pdb
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.CustForm.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Form1.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.exe
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.pdb
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.CutsOpt.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.CustLogin.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\bin\Debug\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.ManagerLogin.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.MProfile.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Artist.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Paint.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Clean.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Profile.resources
c:\users\manoj\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Art_Gallery_Management\Art_Gallery_Management\obj\Debug\Art_Gallery_Management.Stats.resources
